[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna explore the wonders of
puberty as Martin Brundle comes of age
in front of our very eyes with the fly -
let's get to it we open at bartók
industries makers of industrial products
and technological marvels and deliverers
of babies apparently Veronica's standin
never made it back to the clinic and is
now giving birth to a crime against
nature before expiring the doctors crack
open the birth pod to find a bouncing
baby boy couldn't gratz and a subsequent
board meeting we find mr. Bartok himself
giving instructions for his expectations
around caring for the child who's now
property of the company luckily for the
plotz lifecycle is dramatically
accelerated because babies are boring
mr. Bartok meets him for the first time
at 11 months old and asks Martin to call
him daddy setting a fairly low bar for
the future martin develops into a
precocious young man showing up the
intelligencia who provide his care and
generally pissing everyone off desiring
more room to play he hooks himself up
with zone for access and goes sleuthing
in an inconspicuous manner luckily he
does because he finds a good boy to be
his friend although at his next return
his pal has been transferred for
experimentation the results of which
reshaped the way Martin views his
benefactors who then fast forward to his
fifth birthday where we see he's
becoming a big boy and wishes for the
gift of privacy which mr. Bartok grants
with a [ __ ] a new bachelor pad and the
offer of an official job to keep him
engaged while stuck on premise for his
necessary medical treatment his job is
to continue in his father's footsteps
because they haven't even gotten off the
ground after showing him some tapes he's
inspired to give it a go setting his
superfly intelligence to the task and
quickly mastering the basics but does he
understand the poetry of the flesh while
exploring he meets Beth who he befriends
to help him pass the time and we montage
through their relationship with an
interesting choice of music
she invites him to a party where he
overhears talk of a genetic experiment
that's managed to defy expectations by
surviving for two years curious about
this he goes to find a dank pit occupied
by his loyal dog now living in misery
contrary to Bartok's prior claim of a
quick death he continues his work
demonstrating his progress to Beth with
the test kitty who comes out just fine
he explains about the power of love or
something which gets her all worked up
resulting in bethlo ghen betting a
five-year-old the next morning in the
warm dawn light Beth romantically
examines his infected wound martin
appears to be interested in removing his
mutation a problem solved by just asking
a computer questions i guess we learned
that he has a chain reaction of aberrant
and chromosomes popping off inside his
body that's unavoidable now that he's
reached maturity it's now important to
sequester him so they transfer Beth
across town and let her know they have
video of her sexcapades they try to
prevent all communication but Martin
patches through manually and news of the
invasion of his privacy sets him off he
throws a massive hissy fit before
busting into the peeping room he says to
educating himself by pulling up clips
and an impossibly fast pace for a tape
based system bartók also shows up to let
him know they've anticipated the coming
metamorphosis and his medicine has been
a placebo since their business model is
based on genetic mistakes they intend to
let him transform so they can study him
despite the potential impact to his
stock options Martin runs off Scourby
tries to stop him by laying down the
gauntlet but learns just how powerful
flies can be back at the lab the
workaday scientists are playing catch-up
but find the system password-protected
getting it off uh-uh
followed by a proving the heavy
influence this film had on Steven
Spielberg meanwhile Martin shows up at
Beth's houseboat to reveal his
deformities and confide that there's no
getting off this roller coaster now that
had started they then embark on a
journey of self-discovery driving out to
meet up with Stathis no longer living in
the city and he fills them in on how the
movie ends he offers the keys to his
jeep but they take the Bronco instead
along the way Martin reveals that the
pods can heal him with donor DNA but the
donor would have to be a sacrifice they
get a hotel room and Martin gets the
standard metamorphosis second wind
feeling ready to take on the world
plucking out body parts and freaking out
Beth she tries to help him the only way
she knows how by the traying his trust
and calling in his kidnappers who
promptly wreak it nap him they miner his
chrysalis estimating a week to
maturation giving them plenty of time to
pump Beth for the magic word but Martin
does a bit of a surprise party emergence
kill
dr. Janeway while he's in a cheeky mood
his premature birthday is discovered and
they're on high alert but remarkably
incapable of finding the giant flag
creature lumbering around he makes
several attempts to get into the pod
room throwing scientists and straight
squirtin on fools until crashing through
the glass the security guards are taken
out one very slowly by an elevator and
then Scourby by being broken in half
bartók puts up a fight but martin grabs
him and uses his pudgy fingers to pound
out the magic word before dragging him
into the pod despite bartók being fully
clothed
his sacrifice works bartók emerges like
so many of his prior experiments with
martin hatching safely from his anal sac
looking like a million bucks after his
stem cell bath Bartok is then observed
for educational purposes and that was
the fly to the magic of adolescence if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching